Great. So we have installed Jenkins on the command line.
Let's go ahead and login for the first time in the GUI,
which stands for graphic user interface.
So we pull up our favorite web browser,
and we're going to the public IP address and then make sure you put in :8080 and enter.
We're going to login.
When you see this the first time,
you're going to have to enter in
the initial admin password in which it will prompt you for and set up a user.
We login, and the first time that we login,
we need to configure Jenkins.
So let's click on Manage Jenkins.
I should mention that for a large environment,
you will want to be able to have
multiple users and it's highly advisable to use things like LDAP,
which Active Directory incorporates LDAP inside of it to be able to
authenticate all of these users against a common user group password source.
We're going to cover managing the plugins right now.
Let's hop on over here.
The first tab is starch here is updates.
But what we actually want is available.
So we click over here,
and then we're going to filter it.
Let's filter for Blue Ocean.
We of course want Blue Ocean.
We also want quite a number of the pieces
that give us additional tools: Git Pipeline for Blue Ocean,
GitHub Pipeline for Blue Ocean.
Now, once we've checked off all the components that we need,
we have at the bottom of the screen Install without restart.
So we'll click on that.
Now, this is pretty cool because it's now able to go out
to the Internet and pull down our plug-ins for us automatically,
which everything that is automatic is cool.
We can see it performing those actions in the background.
Now, we have a checkbox down here.
Restart Jenkins when installation is complete.
So we'll let it go ahead and and do its thing.
It has to completely reload the interface in order to bring up the new binaries.
Great. So now we've got Blue Ocean the plugin installed,
and we had to restart Jenkins in order to get those binaries to load correctly.
So let's log back into Jenkins,
and we can check out the Blue Ocean interface.
So you will observe on the left-hand side of the screen,
we have a link that's called open Blue Ocean.
We're going to cover that in a subsequent lesson.